Add script 2 for Calling peaks per cell type analysis (#57)
stjude-dnb-binfcore/sc-epigenie: analyses/integration-with-scrna-seq-data/02-peak-calling.Rmd

We use the [`CallPeaks()`](https://stuartlab.org/signac/reference/callpeaks) function from the **Signac** package to identify open chromatin regions (peaks) across different cell types or clusters from the raw fragment data. This function:

- Groups cells using a metadata column (here, `seurat_obj$predicted.id`)
- Calls peaks on the fragment data for each group
- Internally runs MACS2 to identify accessible chromatin regions

```{r call-peaks, echo=TRUE}
# Now call peaks on the Seurat object
peaks <- CallPeaks(
  object = seurat_obj,
  group.by = "predicted.id")

write.table(peaks, file = paste(results_dir, "/", "peaks_all.tsv", sep = ""), sep = "\t", quote = FALSE, row.names = FALSE)
```

## Interactive Table of Calling peaks by cell type

The results are returned as a GRanges object, with an additional metadata column listing the cell types that each peak was identified in:

```{r call-peaks-interactive-table, echo=TRUE}
# Interactive Table
datatable(as.data.frame(peaks), 
          options = list(pageLength = 5, 
                         autoWidth = TRUE, 
                         server = TRUE), 
          filter = "top")
```

> ## Visualizing Differentially Accessible Peaks for the `r assay` assay
> 
> Next, we scale the accessibility data for the selected features and generate a heatmap showing the accessibility profiles across all cells. These peaks are the most enriched in accessibility per predicted.id and can highlight regulatory elements associated with specific cell states.

Reviewer: Is `differentially accessible` technically the right term to use when describing what the code chunks from lines `299` to `306` is doing? It appears this section is looking at highly variable peaks, which of course would be correlated with differential accessibility, but looking at the some of the tutorials, it seems that `differential accessibility` is used when describing differential peaks identified by methods like `FindMarkers()`, like is done below. Maybe for extra clarity, this first section should be described as looking at highly variable peaks?

```suggestion
## Visualizing Highly Variable Peaks for the `r assay` assay

Next, we scale the accessibility data for the selected features and generate a heatmap showing the accessibility profiles across all cells. These peaks are the most variable in accessibility per predicted.id and can highlight regulatory elements associated with specific cell states.
```
